chore(docs): clean up and add new content (#15003)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/features/automatic-backup.md

# Automatic Backup

> Immich supports uploading the photos and videos from your mobile device to the server automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immich supports uploading photos and videos from your mobile device to the server automatically.
```

---

> You can enable the settings by accessing the upload options from the upload page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the settings by going to the upload options from the upload page.
```
"the settings"? Isn't it just one?

Author: No, there are background settings, foreground settings

Reviewer: Ah ok. My suggestion still applies though

## Background backup

> This feature is intended for everyday usage, for initial bulk uploading, please use the foreground upload feature. For more FAQ on why background upload is not working, please refer to the [FAQ](/docs/FAQ#why-does-foreground-backup-stop-when-i-navigate-away-from-the-app-shouldnt-it-transfer-the-job-to-background-backup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is intended for everyday use. For initial bulk uploading, please use the foreground upload feature. For more information on why background upload is not working as expected, please refer to the [FAQ](/docs/FAQ#why-does-foreground-backup-stop-when-i-navigate-away-from-the-app-shouldnt-it-transfer-the-job-to-background-backup).
```
